v1.22.1 (#1028)
pgbouncer/pgbouncer: NEWS.md

PgBouncer 1.22.x
----------------

**2024-02-28  -  PgBouncer 1.22.1  -  "It's summer in Bangalore"**

- Fixes

>   * Fix an issue involving some clients that could introduce memory leaks,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fix an issue impacting some clients using `COPY FROM STDIN` queries which could cause memory leaks, performance issues and issues with `max_prepared_statements>0`
```

>   * Fix an issue involving some clients that could introduce memory leaks,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fix issues caused by some clients using `COPY FROM STDIN` queries that could introduce memory leaks, performance issues and issues with `max_prepared_statements>0`  ([#1025])
    (bug introduced in 1.21.0)
```

Reviewer 2: Let me suggest a different sentence:

* Fix issues caused by some clients using `COPY FROM STDIN` queries that might introduce memory leak, performance regression and prepared statement misbehavior.

Author: Thanks for the suggestions. I pushed @eulerto his suggestion, with a small change that splits it into two sentences to make it a bit easier to read.
